---
name: Banking
history:

text: |
  A Bank has have a charter and a length. The Central Bank of Agora
  is the bank who is responsible for the conduct of business and issuance of
  bonds on behalf of Agora. The length of a bank is the period during which the
  bank will operate. If at any time, a Central Bank of Agora is not declared,
  then the Secretary CAN and SHALL declare a bank to be the Central Bank of
  Agora. The Banker of the Central Bank CAN transfer shinies from the Central
  Bank to Agora, the balance of the Central Bank after the transaction would
  be less than 50 shinies. The Banker of the Central Bank CAN transfer shinies
  from Agora to the Central Bank, if the balance of Agora after the transaction
  would be less than 50 shinies. It is ILLEGAL for the Banker of the Central
  Bank of Agora to transfer shinies between Agora and the Central Bank of Agora,
  if the balances of Agora or the Central Bank after the transaction would be
  less than 50 shinies. The Banker SHALL transfer shinies from the Central Bank
  to Agora, if Agora has less than 25 shinies, unless doing so would be ILLEGAL.
  The Banker SHALL transfer shinies from the Agora to the Central Bank, if Agora
  has more than 150 shinies and e has not done so in the past week, unless doing
  so would be ILLEGAL.

  A Bank is able to issue a currency and issue bonds. The charter of a
  bank shall establish the method by which a bond or currency can be issued. The
  Banker of the issuing bank is the recordkeeper for any Bonds or Currency
  issued by a bank.

  Any person CAN create a Bank without objection by specifying its charter, its
  length and appointing a banker. Any person CAN create a bank with Agoran
  Consent by specifying its charter, its length and appointing a banker. The
  charter of a bank SHALL state its purpose, and its governance structure. If at
  any time, a Bank lacks a Banker, the Secretary CAN and SHALL appoint a Banker
  in accordance with the charter of the Bank or CAN and SHALL destroy the bank.
  If any bank has existed for longer than allowed by its charter or its length,
  then the Banker and the Secretary CAN destroy it and the Banker SHALL do so in
  a timely manner. The Secretary CAN destroy a bank without objection or with
  Agoran Consent.
id: ???
rev: 1
power: 2
annotations: []
