name: First Bank of Agora
history:

text: |
  The First Bank of Agora is a Bank. The banker of The First Bank of Agora
  is the Secretary. This rule is the charter of The First Bank of
  Agora. The First Bank of Agora has a term of nine months, which is
  automatically renewed for succeeding intervals of nine months, as long as The
  Second Bank of Agora has not been formed.

  The First Bank of Agora has administration over the balance of Agora
  in excess of 50 shinies. The First Bank of Agora is led by the Board
  of Overseers. There are two overseers, who are elected according to the
  later procedure. The Banker of The First Bank of Agora also serves
  on the board ex officio. The Board of Overseers has authorization to
  when Agora has a balance of less than 50 shinies issue bonds, with a total
  value of up to 100 shinies. The terms of these bonds is determined by
  the Board of Overseers. The Board of Overseers SHALL NOT issue any bond with a
  with terms precluding their sale on the open market or with any provision
  allowing the conversion of the bond to currency before the passage of two
  weeks after sale. The Board of Overseers is also allowed to offer
  consumer banking services, such as money holdings, check clearance, the
  keeping of a ledger for fractional shiny banking, escrow, and any other
  banking service not costing The First Bank of Agora more than 25 shinies in
  capital to initiate or operate. The Board of Overseers are, when Agora has
  in excess of 250 shinies, allowed to issue loans with a total value not in
  excess of 100 shinies. The Board of Overseers MAY sell or purchase loans or
  bonds from other Banks without 2 objections. All holdings, bonds, or loans
  held or issued are backed and insured by the full sovereignty of Agora.

  An election for the position of overseer of The First Bank of Agora CAN be
  called by any player if a position is empty or if an individual has held their
  position for 4 months without interruption or elections occuring. If the
  position is not empty, any player CAN call an election without two objections,
  excluding objections by the Banker or any Overseers of The First Bank of Agora.
  For elections to the Board of Overseers, the options are all players and
  PRESENT, and the vote collector is the Secretary.
id: ???
rev: 1
power: 1
annotations: []
