---
name: Procedures for the Administration of Justice and Resolution of Disputes
history:
text: |
  Any player CAN by announcement, without objection, or with 2 support. initiate
  a case with a type-appropriate reason. Players SHALL NOT initiate more than 5
  cases by announcement per week, rules to the contrary not withstanding. The
  types of cases are as listed below:
    1. Cases of Legal Inquiry: General disputes regarding the interpretation of
    rules. These may arise from other cases.

    2. Cases of Factual Inquiry: General disputes regarding the gamestate and
    other questions of fact. These may arise from other cases.

    3. Cases of Public Criminal Inquiry: Disputes arising from the alleged
    violations of the rules by a person or group of persons.

      3a. Cases of Public Punitive Inquiry: These cases MAY NOT be directly
      called, rules to the contrary notwithstanding and are automatically
      intiated by the finding of guilt in a case of criminal inquiry.

      3b. Cases of Public Criminal Restitution: Cases arising out of a finding
      of guilt in a Case of Criminal Inquiry. These cases are for usage by
      individuals who have experienced direct and individual harm as the result
      of the violations of the rules.

    4. Cases of Public Civil Inquiry: Disputes arising from contracts and other
    private agreements.

      4a. Cases of Public Civil Restitution: Cases arising out of Cases of Civil
      Inquiry when an individual has experienced damage as a result of actions
      found to have illegally occured in a Case of Civil Inquiry

    5. Cases of Private Criminal Inquiry: Disputes arising from the alleged
    violations of the rules by a person or group of persons, in which all
    involved parties agree on a private judge to hear the case, in the pursuit
    of a binding decision. If a person consents to the hearing of the initial
    case in a private case, then they MUST consent to the continuation of
    devolved hearings in a private manner, if allowable by the rules.

      5a. Cases of Private Punitive Inquiry: These cases MAY NOT be directly
      called, rules to the contrary notwithstanding and are automatically
      intiated by the finding of guilt in a case of criminal inquiry.

      5b. Cases of Private Criminal Restitution: Cases arising out of a finding
      of guilt in a Case of Criminal Inquiry. These cases are for usage by
      individuals who have experienced direct and individual harm as the result
      of the violations of the rules.

    6. Cases of Private Civil Inquiry: Disputes arising from contracts and other
    private agreements. If a person consents to the hearing of the initial
    case in a private case, then they MUST consent to the continuation of
    devolved hearings in a private manner, if allowable by the rules.

      6a. Cases of Private Civil Restitution: Cases arising out of Cases of Civil
      Inquiry when an individual has experienced damage as a result of actions
      found to have illegally occured in a Case of Civil Inquiry
id: ???
rev: 1
power: 2
annotations: []
